---
title: May 12, 2026 at 2:30:13 PM UTC
authors:
  - name: Zach Leatherman
    url: https://fediverse.zachleat.com/@zachleat
date: 2026-05-12T14:30:13.000Z
metadata:
  uuid: >-
    11ty/import::rss::https://fediverse.zachleat.com/@zachleat/116562081436896858
  type: fediverse
  url: https://fediverse.zachleat.com/@zachleat/116562081436896858
---
\<p>Importantly, \`pull\_request\_target\` IGNORES this GitHub security setting: \<a href="https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#controlling-changes-from-forks-to-workflows-in-public-repositories" target="\_blank" rel="nofollow noopener" translate="no">\<span class="invisible">https://\</span>\<span class="ellipsis">docs.github.com/en/repositorie\</span>\<span class="invisible">s/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#controlling-changes-from-forks-to-workflows-in-public-repositories\</span>\</a>\</p>\<p>This was very surprising to me.\</p> ![Choose which subset of users will require approval before running workflows on their pull requests. Both the pull request author and the actor of the pull request event triggering the workflow will be checked to determine if approval is required. If approval is required, a user with write access to the repository must approve the pull request workflow to be run.
Require approval for first-time contributors who are new to GitHub
Only users who are both new on GitHub and who have never had a commit or pull request merged into this repository will require approval to run workflows.
Require approval for first-time contributors
Only users who have never had a commit or pull request merged into this repository will require approval to run workflows.
Require approval for all external contributors
All users that are not a member or owner of the repository and not a member of the 11ty organization will require approval to run workflows.](/assets/551f69ac00ae47ad-NsZyriZauyxO.png) ![Workflows triggered by pull_request_target events are run in the context of the base branch. Since the base branch is considered trusted, workflows triggered by these events will always run, regardless of approval settings. For more information about the pull_request_target event, see Events that trigger workflows.](/assets/83e67c89e83197ca-BV2qypnIDGmo.png)